sports multimedia friends we are the
manrique and we are on the cultural side
with the teacher vucetich two for two
greet him a man triumphant man and
we wanted to know let's make a
We are obviously fine
you to think that it has to life
can appreciate when there are some girls
that he had never lost a final
until this last one was and the
feelings that he had as well as that the
face and why it happened that there was to be done
do not
what they know one is preparing
always what
you reach a final as the possibility
I've been winning it, I'm losing it, I say thank you
God had done me very well in all the
final we won and good one day
I was going to get that
bad luck but I think we did it
with great dignity I think the team
he worked spectacularly and he did it very
well how does the truth feel but as
you feel the see that monterrey is
the best time of the monterrey of
championships where monterrey are given
so much happiness to people and especially
the national international tournaments
that will ride almost was not going to shades
interesting about monterrey ya
world level the fifa already recognizes it
how it feels like personal achievement from
then as a personal achievement it is
extraordinary for us because then
this means that the work that one goes
doing through these years has been
productive has been recognized has been
evaluated by football and especially that
that's what we are fighting
permanently his name víctor manuel
red vucetich
I want to ask him for a day
quiet here in monterrey dominguito
and the tournament was over for Flip Flops
who
the professor quoted that he makes grilled carnitas
of a movie you will like to walk
lying down especially watch television
go out later to eat with the children or
have breakfast with the fives and then be
depending on times or weather
also if the weather is very strong it has
rested treatment to the house to go out to mass
going to the movies likes some song
some music I like all kinds of
music as she likes it all
cumbia not like that but I like not
arrive in the car with rigo tovar no
but more of that kind of music
I like music if you like it
I already have this guy's name if they speak to him
say it's arturo palace is a
person everything to give
that will comply because the truth is a
honor is a pride with the best
technical director of all time
in the city by titles and seasons
who are endorsing it or not here is not
lie that we are better
than them for this other but you with
the numbers shown and well then the
people are also waiting for striped
protagonist some words that you
want the race so that they go
doing hoping they expect from this
monterrey
for what we want as
it's always being the protagonist we want
be involved in this we know that
there are many circumstances but that
we will not be left with the
confidence they need the support of
because we are all involved in what
what is this team of scratched others what
that we would not be us without them
and I think that relationship because we
always allows us to be fighting
for them and them at the same time
us an example to follow him
We are very grateful that you lend us your
Attention
and continue to support finding many
thank you and greetings to sa manrique is
for the manriques for the richest with
all sweetie a greeting and until
but